Create a guide of test level maintainance (#1852)
oam-dev/kubevela: contribute/testcode-guidance.md

​

As for the long-term value, it refers to the value of the existing case in the continuous software iteration process. For unittest, during code refactoring, it is adjusted with the adjustment of class and funciton, the code base is consistent with the hot spots in software iteration and continues to evolve. 
​

However, integration/e2e test is usually split into subsystem boundaries, whose external interfaces are relatively stable (there are very few functional changes during the software iteration of distributed systems, generally forward compatibility),integration/e2e test code base is relatively stable, which is very important in the future evolution of the system. It can timely discover whether new functions damage existing functions.
​

Combined with the characteristics of all three, the best way to balance is to comply with the pyramid model. The chassis is unittest, the middle is integration test, and the top layer is e2e.
​

> ![image.png](https://intranetproxy.alipay.com/skylark/lark/0/2021/png/4374/1624848015798-93fafed4-67fa-4a18-9b60-cc2c19faa8ac.png#clientId=uf7011f6a-71b3-4&from=paste&height=72&id=u495ee5ac&margin=%5Bobject%20Object%5D&name=image.png&originHeight=145&originWidth=168&originalType=binary&ratio=3&size=6148&status=done&style=none&taskId=u934be7c9-2aea-4df0-9242-d1e8e9fb028&width=82.99431610107422)
> big and expierienced companies like Google and alibaba, basically follows the 70/20/10 principle. that is, 70% unittest,20% integration test, and 10% e2e test. Each team has some differences. However, the higher the upper layer, the larger the test coverage, but the smaller the test case set. This pyramid model remains unchanged. The following situations need to be avoided:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

             \                        
            / \                       
           /   \                      
          /     \                     
         /  e2e  \                    
        /----------                   
       /           \                  
      /intergeration\                 
     /               \                
    /-----------------\               
   /                   \              
  /      unit-test      \             
 /                       \            
---------------------------           

KubeVela would like to follow the 70/20/10 principle. that is, 70% unittest,20% integration test, and 10% e2e test. Each module has some differences. However, the higher the upper layer, the larger the test coverage, but the smaller the test case set. This pyramid model remains unchanged. The following situations need to be avoided:
```

​

As for the long-term value, it refers to the value of the existing case in the continuous software iteration process. For unittest, during code refactoring, it is adjusted with the adjustment of class and funciton, the code base is consistent with the hot spots in software iteration and continues to evolve. 
​

However, integration/e2e test is usually split into subsystem boundaries, whose external interfaces are relatively stable (there are very few functional changes during the software iteration of distributed systems, generally forward compatibility),integration/e2e test code base is relatively stable, which is very important in the future evolution of the system. It can timely discover whether new functions damage existing functions.
​

Combined with the characteristics of all three, the best way to balance is to comply with the pyramid model. The chassis is unittest, the middle is integration test, and the top layer is e2e.
​

> 

Reviewer: ```
